=outlook2gcal 

This app syncs your Outlook calendar with your (private) Google calendar. The synchronisation is only one-way: Outlook events are pushed to your Google Calendar. All types of events (including recurring events like anniversaries) are supported.
Note: no admin rights required

== Alternatives

GoogleCalendarSync worked fine for me until I had to switch from Windows XP to Windows 7. In Windows 7 GoogleCalendarSync requires admin rights to install it. 

http://support.google.com/calendar/bin/answer.py?hl=en&answer=98563&topic=13948&ctx=topic

== Installation Instructions

  gem install outlook2gcal


==Usage

Usage: outlook2gcal <command> <opts>

Commands: sync

Specific options:
    -U, --gmail-username USERNAME    Google user name
    -P, --gmail-password PASSWORD    Google user password
    -C, --gmail-calendar CALENDAR    Google calendar (default: 'Outlook'). Note: calendar must exist
    -D, --days DAYS                  Do not sync events older then DAYS days
        --sync-desc                  Sync event description (default: no)
        --sync-alarm                 Sync event alarm notification (default: no)
        --sync-names                 Sync attendees (default: no)"
         

Example:
    outlook2gcal sync -U username@gmail.com -P 123secret -C Outlook -D 14

Common options:
    -?, --help                       Show this message

== Prerequisites

 1. Ruby 1.9.1 or later 
 1.1 Sqlite3 installed. 
    A description how to install Sqlite3 on Windows: http://www.skorks.com/2009/08/installing-and-using-sqlite-with-ruby-on-windows/
 2. Outlook 2007
    * might work with other versions too 
 3. Google Account 
    * use your gmail-account or create a new one  
    * create an additional calendar for your LotusNotes Calender entries. Name it as you like 
       (i.e. Outlook) but do not use whitespaces or any other special characters.
 
== Supported Platforms

This library is supported on Windows 2000 or later.

==Used libs: 
* gcal4ruby  (modified version)
* win32ole 
* datamapper
* do_sqlite3
* log4r
...


== Licence/Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012 Elias Kugler

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.